feat: add organization authentication notes for Connected Accounts flow (#1041)
auth0/docs-v2: auth4genai/integrations/oauth2.mdx

After creating the connection, in the **Purpose** section, toggle on **Connected Accounts for Token Vault**. This allows your connection to retrieve and securely store access tokens for external APIs. To learn more, read [Connected Accounts for Token Vault](https://auth0.com/docs/secure/tokens/token-vault/connected-accounts-for-token-vault).

> <Note>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Callout>
```

> <Callout>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<Callout icon="file-lines" color="#0EA5E9" iconType="regular">
```

> If your application uses [Organizations](https://auth0.com/docs/manage-users/organizations), have the user sign in to the correct organization before you initiate the Connected Accounts flow. Token Vault still stores the connected account on the user's Auth0 profile, so each organization member authorizes their own external account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your application uses [Organizations](https://auth0.com/docs/manage-users/organizations), authenticate the user with the target organization before initiating the Connected Accounts flow. Token Vault still stores the connected account on the user's Auth0 profile, so each organization member authorizes their own external account.
```

> </Note>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
</Callout>
```
